Rebrand Seqera AI → Co-Scientist (name only) (#1360)
seqeralabs/docs: platform-cloud/docs/seqera-ai/authentication.md

---
title: "Authentication"

> description: "Login, logout, and session management for Co-Scientist CLI"

Author: ```suggestion
description: "Login, logout, and session management for Seqera CLI"
```
